Update config-user-env.md (#4091)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/reference/config-user-env.md

This installation location should always be in the same environment that
`jupyterhub-singleuser` itself is installed in, and must be _readable and
executable_ by your users. If you want users to be able to install additional

> packages, they must also be _writable_ by your users.

Reviewer: `it` is actually the correct pronoun here, because the statement refers to the `instalation location` that must be `writable` and not to the users. Let's instead be explicit to avoid any future confusion:

```suggestion
packages, the installation location must also be _writable_ by your users.
```

Author: Done, thank you!
